fix: mongo left outer join runs same logic than left join (TCTC-8310) (#2223)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: server/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ### Fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
```

I don't think it will impact people, but it technically is a breaking change

> - Mongo: `left` and `left outer` join step return the same translation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mongo: The `join` step now has the same behavior for the `left` and `left outer` join methods
```
